Update charset.md for changes in .NET Core 3.0 (#11775)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/charset.md

The following table shows a mapping between each charset and how a character or string is represented when marshalled with that charset:

> | CharSet | Windows            | Unix (.NET Core before 3.0) | Mono and .NET Core 3.0 and later on Unix |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CharSet | Windows            | Unix on .NET Core 2.2 and earlier | Mono and Unix on .NET Core 3.0 and later |
```
